README.md, before:

# schema-validator
This repository contains the code for the schema validator. It contains four functions: compare-messages-to-schema, consume-data-catalog, consume-schema and schemavalidator.

## consume-data-catalog
This function gets a data catalog from a topic and uploads it to the storage bucket defined in its config variables. The function is explained in more detail on [its page](https://github.com/vwt-digital/schema-validator/tree/develop/functions/consume_data_catalog).

## consume-schema
This function gets a schema from a topic and uploads it to the storage bucket defined in its config variables. The function is explained in more detail on [its page](https://github.com/vwt-digital/schema-validator/tree/develop/functions/consume_schema).

## compare-messages-to-schema
Every topic has a history bucket where the messages that have crossed the topic go to. This function compares the messages of said history bucket against the schema of the topic and creates JIRA tickets if there are messages that are not conform the schema. The function is explained in more detail on [its page](https://github.com/vwt-digital/schema-validator/tree/develop/functions/compare-messages-to-schema).

## schemavalidator
Every schema should be conform its meta schema given by the "$schema" tag. This function assumes that it can find the meta schema in the same folder as where it can find the schema and then validates the schema against its meta schema.

Commit message:

Moving commit-hooks function to commit-hooks folder DAT-4948

README.md, after:

# schema-validator
This repository contains the code for the schema validator. It contains three cloud-functions: compare-messages-to-schema, consume-data-catalog and consume-schema. Furthermore, it contains a [commit-hooks](https://github.com/vwt-digital/commit-hooks) function called schema-conform-meta-schema.

## consume-data-catalog
This function gets a data catalog from a topic and uploads it to the storage bucket defined in its config variables. The function is explained in more detail on [its page](https://github.com/vwt-digital/schema-validator/tree/develop/functions/consume_data_catalog).

## consume-schema
This function gets a schema from a topic and uploads it to the storage bucket defined in its config variables. The function is explained in more detail on [its page](https://github.com/vwt-digital/schema-validator/tree/develop/functions/consume_schema).

## compare-messages-to-schema
Every topic has a history bucket where the messages that have crossed the topic go to. This function compares the messages of said history bucket against the schema of the topic and creates JIRA tickets if there are messages that are not conform the schema. The function is explained in more detail on [its page](https://github.com/vwt-digital/schema-validator/tree/develop/functions/compare-messages-to-schema).

## schema-conform-meta-schema
Every schema should be conform its meta schema given by the "$schema" tag. This function assumes that it can find the meta schema in the same folder as where it can find the schema and then validates the schema against its meta schema.
